added doc on creating secrets for builds (#174)
redhat-appstudio/docs.appstudio.io: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to-guides/configuring-builds/proc_creating-secrets-for-your-builds.adoc

= Creating secrets for your builds 

> When you build your application, create secrets to ensure the `sast_synk_task` works. The `sast_synk_task` analyzes your source code to find vulnerabilities. The `sast_synk_task` secret defines parameters for your build pipeline. Add these `sast_synk_task` secrets to your build pipeline to utliamtely help build and deploy your application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you build your application, create secrets to ensure the `sast_snyk_task` works. The `sast_snyk_task` analyzes your source code to find vulnerabilities. The `sast_synk_task` secret defines parameters for your build pipeline. Add these `sast_snyk_task` secrets to your build pipeline to utlimately help build and deploy your application. 
```

.Procedure 

. In the {ProductName}, go to the *Components* tab of your application.
. Select the three dots next to the component you want to configure, and select *Edit component settings*. 
. Under *Secrets*, click *Add secret*. The secret modal opens and is called, *Create new build secret*.

> . Under *Select or enter name*, use the predefined `synk_secret` or create a custom secret. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *Select or enter name*, use the predefined `snyk_secret` or create a custom secret. 
```
